
**If parameter 0 is 0 (the default)**:

Output **A** is a sample of input **X**, taken when the trigger input **Y** goes over 1V. (Sample and Hold) 

**If parameter 0 is 1**:

Output **A** follows input **X** while input **Y** is over 1V. When **Y** falls below 0.5V, output **A** is held until **Y** goes over 1V
again. (Track and Hold)

Output **B** is a noise signal. Noise is commonly fed into the input of a sample and hold device to generate clocked random
voltages. The amplitude of output **B** is set by parameter **4**; the maximum is ±8V.

  **Parameter 2** controls the noise colour:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>Parameter value</strong></th>
<th><strong>Noise colour</strong></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
0
</td>
<td>
Violet
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>
1
</td>
<td>
White
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
2
</td>
<td>
Pink
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>
3
</td>
<td>
Red
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The **Z** knob/CV controls the slew rate of output A. At the minimum value of **Z**, changes in **A** are instantaneous. As **Z**
increases, changes in **A** take place more slowly.

Parameters **5** & **6** allow you to specify different slew rates when the signal rises or falls. If the parameter is -1, the
slew time is set from **Z**; otherwise the slew is set from the parameter value.

Pressing the **Z** knob triggers a sample manually.

  **Parameter 1** sets an offset between the timing of the **X** & **Y** inputs (in sample frames). If **X** & **Y** are being driven
together, for example by a sequencer's pitch and gate, it is often a good idea to delay the trigger slightly to allow
time for the sampled CV to settle before the sample is taken.

  **Parameter 3** adds the noise output into the input signal, equivalent to patching output **B** into input **X** via an attenuator.
