
**Receives MIDI**

This algorithm is a VCO with a 1V/octave pitch CV input (X), and waveshape/PWM input (Y).The 0V point for the pitch
input is C3 (approximately 130.81Hz).

The **Z** knob/CV provides a tuning control, with a range of approximately ±0.5 octaves (but see also parameter **6**, below).

  **Parameter 4** selects the output waveforms according to the following table:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>Parameter value</strong></th>
<th><strong>WaveformA</strong></th>
<th><strong>WaveformB</strong></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
0
</td>
<td>
Triangle/saw
</td>
<td>
Square/pulse
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>
1
</td>
<td>
Triangle/saw
</td>
<td>Sub-octave square</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
2
</td>
<td>
Square/pulse
</td>
<td>Sub-octave square</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>
3
</td>
<td>
Triangle/saw
</td>
<td>
MIDI gate.
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
4
</td>
<td>
Square/pulse
</td>
<td>
MIDI gate.
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Input **Y** controls the waveshape of the output signals. Signals in the range ±5V give the full range of possible
waveshapes:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>Input **Y**</strong></th>
<th><strong>-5V</strong></th>
<th><strong>0V</strong></th>
<th><strong>+5V</strong></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
<strong>Triangle/saw</strong>
</td>
<td>
saw (falling)
</td>
<td>
triangle
</td>
<td>
saw (rising)
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>
<strong>Square/pulse</strong>
</td>
<td>0% duty cycle pulse</td>
<td>50% duty cycle pulse (square)</td>
<td>
100% duty cycle pulse
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The output signals are ±8V (16V peak-to-peak) by default, but can be attenuated via parameters 1 and 2.

  **Parameter 3** offsets the **Y** input, effectively providing a manual shape control if required.

  **Parameter 5** transposes the VCO pitch, in semitone increments.

  **Parameter 6** controls the function of **Z**. At the default value of -51, **Z** is the tune control as already mentioned. 
When the parameter is set to a value from -50 to 50, **Z** no
longer affects the tuning, and the parameter value is used as a fine
tune control, in cents. **Z** then becomes a sync input: when **Z** goes over
approximately 1V, the VCO phase is reset to zero, which can produce
'oscillator sync' sounds8.

**MIDI Input**: MIDI note messages received on the MIDI channel set in
the Settings are converted to a CV which is added to that on input **X**.
The 0V note is 48 (C3). MIDI notes also drive the 'MIDI gate' output
option.