
This algorithm is a 'bit crusher' - it applies sample rate and sample depth reduction to deliberately introduce
quantisation and aliasing artefacts. It also optionally applies bitwise modification of the samples for non-linear
distortion effects.

 **X** is the signal input.

 **Y** is the sample rate reduction CV input. It has a 1V/octave response i.e. the sample rate is reduced by a factor of 2
for every 1V rise in CV. This CV is offset by parameter **0**, so you can set a rate reduction without a CV input.

 **A** is the signal output.

 **B** is the output of a comparator. Output **A** is compared against zero; output **B** is +5V if **A** is above zero, or 0V if **A** is
below zero.

The **Z** control sets the bit depth reduction. There are two types of bit reduction available:

- **Type I** : the signal is quantised to a 16 bit word, and the low bits thrown away. The resulting signal uses a power of 2 bits. Changing between bit depths is therefore discontinous.
- **Type II** : quantisation is achieved via the limited precision of integer maths when dividing the signal by a factor. Since the factor can be continuously varied, this offers a smooth
variation between 'bit depths'.

Furthermore, positive and negative values of **Z** have different effects.

- **Positive Z** treats the whole signal range as one number to be quantised.
- **Negative Z** treats positive and negative sections of the input signal differently. Negative sections are flipped positive, quantized, and flipped back.

**Parameter 1** selects the type of bit reduction. The positive and negative sections of the input signal can have different
types of reduction applied.

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>
<strong>  **Parameter 1** value</strong>
</th>
<th><strong>Positive signal</strong></th>
<th><strong>Positive signal</strong></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td>
Type I
</td>
<td>
Type I
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td>
Type II
</td>
<td>
Type II
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td>
Type I
</td>
<td>
Type II
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td>
Type II
</td>
<td>
Type I
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>4</strong></td>
<td>
Type I
</td>
<td>
None
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td>
Type II
</td>
<td>
None
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>6</strong></td>
<td>
None
</td>
<td>
Type I
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>7</strong></td>
<td>
None
</td>
<td>
Type II
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

  **Parameter 2** selects the bit mangling mode.

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>  **Parameter 2** value</strong></th>
<th><strong>Bit mangling</strong></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td>
None
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>1</strong></td>
<td>
Bit swap variant 1
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>2</strong></td>
<td>
Bit swap variant 2
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>3</strong></td>
<td>
Bit swap variant 3
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>4</strong></td>
<td>
Bit rotation
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>5</strong></td>
<td>
Previous sample XOR variant 1
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>6</strong></td>
<td>
Previous sample XOR variant 2
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><strong>7</strong></td>
<td>
Previous sample XOR variant 3
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

