
This is a delay/echo effect which simulates a variable speed tape loop echo device. The delay time at '1x speed', with
the tape length parameter at maximum, is just over 400ms.

**X** is the audio input.

Parameters **0** & **1** together set the 'tape length', effectively setting the delay time. Parameter **0** is scaled in 10ms
increments, while parameter **1** is in 1ms increments (both assuming 1x 'tape speed').

**Y** controls the speed of the 'tape', which also affects the delay time. The voltage/speed relationship is 8V/octave. If
you consider 0V as '1x speed', then +8V gives '2x speed' (the maximum) and -4V gives 'half speed' (the minimum).

Parameter **2** can be used to set the speed manually; its value is added to that of the **Y** input.

The **Z** knob/CV controls the feedback, from zero to slightly more than 100%. 

Outputs **A** & **B** carry signals according to parameter **3**:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>Param value</strong></th>
<th><strong>Output mode</strong></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
0
</td>
<td>**A** is mix; **B** is delay only.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>
1
</td>
<td>
**A** &amp; **B** are mix.
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
2
</td>
<td>
**A** &amp; **B** are delay only.
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

**Parameter 4** controls the output mix between the dry signal and the delay signal. At the default
value of -33, the amount of delay in the mix rises in direct proportion to the amount of feedback.
For values from -32 to 0, the output crossfades between the delay (at -32) and the dry signal (at 0).
For values above 0, the dry signal level is constant and the delay signal level rises with the
parameter value.

**Parameter 5** controls the delay feedback. If set to -1 (the default), the feedback is set by the **Z**
knob/CV, with a range from zero to slightly more than 100%. Otherwise, the feedback is set by the
parameter value, with 32 corresponding to 100%.
