
**Press **Z** to trigger**

|                   |
|-------------------|
| **Receives MIDI** |

This algorithm is a combined two-stage (attack/release or attack/decay)
envelope generator & VCA (voltage controlled amplifier).

Input **X** is the trigger input . A signal in excess of 1V will trigger the envelope, according to the mode set by parameter

0. In trigger mode 0, the envelope will rise to full level and stay there as long as the input is high (AR mode). In
   trigger mode 1, the envelope will execute one full attack/decay cycle in response to a trigger input (AD mode). In
   trigger mode 2, the envelope will continually execute attack/decay cycles as long as the trigger is high (looped AD
   mode).

Trigger modes 3-8 work like modes 1-2 except that the source of the trigger is the tracked envelope of one of the
inputs. Modes 3-5 use input **X** and modes 6-8 use input **Y**. So for example mode 6 triggers the envelope generator from the
VCA input signal, i.e. the algorithm is behaving as an 'envelope modifier' effect – put a guitar in here for automatic
slow swells.

Input **Y** is the VCA input. The signal here will be multiplied by the envelope and output on output **B**.

Z sets the envelope times, according to the mode set by parameter **1**. In **Z** mode 0, the full range of **Z** values sweeps from
short  A & D, through short **A** & long D, through long  A & D, through long **A** & short D, and finally back to short  A & D. In
Z mode 1, **Z** sets the  A & D times to the same value, from very short times (about 10ms) to very long times (about 8s).

Output **A** is the envelope CV, and output **B** is the VCA output as mentioned above. Each has its own attenuverter parameter,
which can attenuate and/or invert the signal. The maximum envelope level is 10V, with the default parameter value of 32
giving an 8V envelope, which corresponds to unity gain for the VCA. Each output also has an offset parameter, which can
move the whole envelope up or down by up to 10V.

If parameter **2** is set to the special value 41, output **A** becomes an end-of-cycle trigger output, generating a 10ms 5V
pulse at the end of the envelope's release stage.

Parameters 6 & 7 set the attack and release shapes of the envelope respectively, from an exaggerated exponential curve
at 0 to an almost linear shape at 32.

Pushing the **Z** knob has the same effect as triggering the envelope via the **X** input.

**MIDI Input**: Any MIDI note messages received on the MIDI channel set in the Settings trigger the envelope.
