
**Press **Z** to trigger**

This algorithm offers dual two-stage (attack/release or attack/decay)
envelope generators, with shared time settings.

Inputs **X** & **Y** are trigger inputs. A signal in excess of 1V on either input will trigger its respective envelope,
according to the mode set by parameter **0**. In trigger mode 0, the envelope will rise to full level and stay there as long
as the input is high (AR mode). In trigger mode 1, the envelope will execute one full attack/decay cycle in response to
a trigger input (AD mode). In trigger mode 2, the envelope will continually execute attack/decay cycles as long as the
trigger is high (looped AD mode).

**Z** sets the envelope times, according to the mode set by parameter **1**. In **Z** mode 0, the full range of **Z** values sweeps from
short A & D, through short A & long D, through long A & D, through long A & short D, and finally back to short A & D. In
**Z** mode 1, **Z** sets the A & D times to the same value, from very short times (about 10ms) to very long times (about 8s).

**A** & **B** are the envelope CV outputs. Each has its own attenuverter parameter, which can attenuate and/or invert the
signal. The maximum envelope level is 10V, with the default parameter value of 32 giving an 8V envelope. Each output
also has an offset parameter, which can move the whole envelope up or down by up to 10V.

Parameters **6** & **7** set the attack and release shapes of the envelope respectively, from an exaggerated exponential curve
at 0 to an almost linear shape at 32.

Pushing the **Z** knob has the same effect as triggering both envelopes via the **X** & **Y** inputs.

**MIDI Input**: Any MIDI note messages received on the MIDI channel set in the Settings trigger envelope A; any MIDI
note messages on the next channel up trigger envelope **B**.
