
**Receives MIDI**

This algorithm generates random CVs via the popular rotating shift register method. The joy of this method is that it
generates a loop of CVs, with a controllable likelihood of change, including the possibility to lock the loop so it does
not change.

X is the clock input. Any clock pulse in excess of 1V can be used. On each rising edge the shift register rotates and a
new CV is output. On each rotation, there is the possibility that one bit of the shift register will be flipped,
changing the pattern. The likelihood of a flip is set by **Z**. When **Z** is zero there is a 50% chance that the bit will flip,
which is the most random setting. As **Z** rises, the chance of a flip reduces, until at around 2V the chance of a flip hits
zero and the pattern is effectively locked. Conversely, as **Z** goes negative, the chance of a flip goes up, reaching 100%
at around -2V. This also effectively locks the pattern. When **Z** crosses the ±2V boundaries, in either direction, the
display shows "\*\*" for a short while to let you know that the pattern has been locked or unlocked.

Input **Y** allows for modification of the sequence, even when the loop is locked. If input **Y** is above 1V, the bit will
always be flipped on a clock pulse, regardless of the setting of **Z**.

Output **A** is the random pattern interpreted as a unipolar CV i.e. it is always a positive voltage. Output **B** is the random
pattern interpreted as a bipolar CV i.e. it can swing both positive and negative.

Parameter **0** sets the direction of rotation. The two directions have a different sound to the patterns they tend to
generate.

Parameter **1** sets the length of the shift register, and so the length of the repeating CV pattern in terms of clocks.

Parameter **2** sets the output slew rate. This has the same effect as the Slew Rate Limiter algorithm being applied to the
outputs.

Parameter **3** is an attenuverter for both outputs.

Parameter **4** is an offset for both outputs.

**MIDI Input:** if parameter **5** is non-zero, incoming MIDI clock advances the shift register, according to the following
table:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>Parameter value</strong></th>
<th><strong>Clock divisor</strong></th>
<th><strong>Parameter value</strong></th>
<th><strong>Clock divisor</strong></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>1</td>
<td>
1/32
</td>
<td>9</td>
<td>
1/4
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>2</td>
<td>
1/16 triplet
</td>
<td>10</td>
<td>
1/2 triplet
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>3</td>
<td>
1/16
</td>
<td>11</td>
<td>
3/8
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>4</td>
<td>
1/8 triplet
</td>
<td>12</td>
<td>
1/2
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>
3/32
</td>
<td>13</td>
<td>
1/1 triplet
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>6</td>
<td>
1/8
</td>
<td>14</td>
<td>
3/4
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>7</td>
<td>
1/4 triplet
</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>
1/1
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>8</td>
<td>
3/16
</td>
<td></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
