
**Outputs & Receives MIDI**

This algorithm generates random CVs via the popular rotating shift
register method. The joy of this method is that it generates a loop of
CVs, with a controllable likelihood of change, including the
possibility to lock the loop so it does not change. The CVs are
quantized to semitones or to a chosen musical scale.
>
X is the clock input. Any clock pulse in excess of 1V can be used. On
each rising edge the shift register rotates and a new CV is output. On
each rotation, there is the possibility that one bit of the shift
register will be flipped, changing the pattern. The likelihood of a
flip is set by Z. When Z is zero there is a 50% chance that the bit
will flip, which is the most random setting. As Z rises, the chance of
a flip reduces, until at around 2V the chance of a flip hits zero and
the pattern is effectively locked. Conversely, as Z goes negative, the
chance of a flip goes up, reaching 100% at around -2V. This also
effectively locks the pattern. When Z crosses the ±2V boundaries, in
either direction, the display shows "\*\*" for a short while to let
you know that the pattern has been locked or unlocked.
>
Input Y allows for modification of the sequence, even when the loop is
locked. If input Y is above 1V, the bit will always be flipped on a
clock pulse, regardless of the setting of Z.

Output A is the random pattern of CVs, quantized to the scale chosen via parameter 2. The list of scales is the same as
that for the Quantizer algorithm, above.

Output B is a trigger output.

Parameter 0 sets the direction of rotation. The two directions have a different sound to the patterns they tend to
generate.

Parameter 1 sets the length of the shift register, and so the length of the repeating CV pattern in terms of clocks.

Parameter 3 is an attenuverter for the random CV, applied before quantization.

Parameter 5 is a transpose amount, in semitones, applied after quantization.

Parameter 6 sets the output slew rate. This has the same effect as the Slew Rate Limiter algorithm being applied to
output A.

**MIDI Output**: each new note (i.e. when the Output B trigger fires) is output as a MIDI note message on the MIDI
channel selected in the settings.

**MIDI Input:** if parameter 7 is non-zero, incoming MIDI clock advances the shift register, according to the table
above.

The MIDI Gate parameter works in the same way as for the Quantizer, above.
