
**Press **Z** to modify sequence**

|                   |
|-------------------|
| **Receives MIDI** |

This algorithm generates random triggers via the popular rotating shift register method. The joy of this method is that
it generates a loop of triggers, with a controllable likelihood of change, including the possibility to lock the loop so
it does not change.

X is the clock input. Any clock pulse in excess of 1V can be used. On each rising edge the shift register rotates and a
new CV is output. On each rotation, there is the possibility that one bit of the shift register will be flipped,
changing the pattern. The likelihood of a flip is set by Z. When **Z** is zero there is a 50% chance that the bit will flip,
which is the most random setting. As **Z** rises, the chance of a flip reduces, until at around 2V the chance of a flip hits
zero and the pattern is effectively locked. Conversely, as **Z** goes negative, the chance of a flip goes up, reaching 100%
at around -2V. This also effectively locks the pattern. When **Z** crosses the ±2V boundaries, in either direction, the
display shows "\*\*" for a short while to let you know that the pattern has been locked

or unlocked.

Input **Y** allows for modification of the sequence, even when the loop is locked. If input **Y** is above 1V, the bit will
always be flipped on a clock pulse, regardless of the setting of Z.

Output **A** is the random pattern of triggers . A trigger is emitted for every bit set in the shift register.

Output **B** is the inverse of **A** - a trigger is generated for every bit not set in the shift register.Parameter **0** sets the
length of the shift register, and so the length of the repeating trigger pattern in terms of clocks.

Parameters 1 & 2 set the length of the output pulses. At zero, the pulse is a fixed length of 10ms. Values of 1-31 set
the pulse length to a fraction of the clock time.

**MIDI Input:** if parameter **3** is non-zero, incoming MIDI clock advances the shift register, according to the table
above.
