
**Knob recorder enabled**

Viewed as a stereo output, A & B provide a panned version of X, plus an oppositely panned version of Y.

Viewed as mono outputs, A provides a crossfaded mix of X & Y, while B provides a mix with an inverted mix control.

In both cases Z provides the pan position or crossfade amount. When Z is turned, the crossfade position is displayed as
a percentage (so 50% is an equal mix of the two sources/centre pan).

Parameter 0 sets the pan/crossfade law:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>
<strong>0</strong> Equal gain
</th>
<th>
Appropriate for crossfading phase-coherent material.
</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
<strong>1</strong> Equal power Appropriate for crossfading non-phase-coherent material.
</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>
<strong>2</strong> Transition
</td>
<td>DJ-style crossfade where both sources are at full gain at the 50% position.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
<strong>3</strong> FX Loop
</td>
<td>
Output A is unattenuated input X plus a faded amount of input Y.
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Parameter 1 sets the clipping/saturation mode, for when the mix of the inputs exceeds the dynamic range of the output:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>
<strong>0</strong> Legacy
</th>
<th>
The behaviour pre-firmware 4.8, which could cause digital overflows and
</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>
fairly drastic wavefolding-type sounds.
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>
<strong>1</strong> Hard clip
</td>
<td>
A hard digital clip is applied.
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
<strong>2</strong> Soft clip
</td>
<td>
A soft clip/saturation is applied.
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Parameter 2 controls the function of output B:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>
<strong>-1</strong> Copy
</th>
<th>
Output B follows input X.
</th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>0</strong></td>
<td>
Normal
</td>
<td>
Normal crossfade/pan function.
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>
<strong>1-99</strong> LFO
</td>
<td>
Output B is a ±5V triangle wave LFO, the speed of which is set from the
</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>
parameter.
</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Parameter 3 attenuates output B (in all modes).

**FX Loop usage**

A combination of parameters 0 and 2 can be used to set up the disting as an effect loop controller, to integrate
external effect units (e.g. pedals, rack processors) into the modular.

Use input X as the main signal input. Setting parameter 2 to -1 makes output B a copy of the input, attenuated by
parameter 3, which can be sent to the effects unit.

Return the effected signal to input Y. There are then two options for how you want to mix in the effect. With parameter
0 at 0, 1, or 2, the Z knob/CV gives you a wet/dry mix control. With parameter 0 at 3, the amount of input X in the mix
is constant, so Z gives you a simple fader on the effect return.
