
Output **A** is a quantized version of input **X**; the closest whole-semitone value to the unquantized V/octave pitch CV **X**.

Similarly output **B** is a quantized version of input **Y**.

As well as providing a chromatic scale, this algorithm can also constrain the quantized values to a musical scale or
chord. This is controlled by parameters 2 & 3.

| **Param value** | **Scale**        |
|---------------------|------------------|
| 0, ±1               | chromatic        |
| ±2                  | major scale      |
| ±3                  | minor scale      |
| ±4                  | major triad      |
| ±5                  | minor triad      |
| ±6                  | root +5th        |
| ±7                  | major triad +6th |
| ±8                  | minor triad +6th |
| ±9                  | major triad +7th |
| ±10                 | minor triad +7th |
| ±11                 | root +5th +6th   |
| ±12                 | root +5th +7th   |
| ±13                 | pentatonic major |
| ±14                 | pentatonic minor |
| ±15                 | natural minor    |
| ±16                 | harmonic minor   |
| ±17                 | MIDI 1           |
| ±18                 | MIDI 2           |

Additionally, the parameter being positive or negative controls whether the quantizer works in triggered mode or not.
The triggers are provided by input **Z** (approximately 1V is required to trigger it). If the parameter is negative, the
quantizer is triggered - the input is only sampled and converted to a new quantized value when triggered by input **Z**. If
the parameter is positive, the input is constantly sampled and a new note is output as soon as the input moves into the
next semitone range.

If the scale selected is 'MIDI 1' or 'MIDI 2' (values 17 & 18) the
candidate notes for quantization are set via MIDI. The algorithm
listens for MIDI note on messages and uses the received notes for the
quantization pattern. While any notes are held, playing new notes adds
to the pattern. When all notes are released and a new note played, the
pattern is reset and formed from the new note.

In 'MIDI 1' mode the played MIDI notes set the note names, but
quantization can happen in any octave (i.e. if you play a 'D' the
output will always be 'D' but the octave will depend on the octave of
the incoming CV).

In 'MIDI 2' mode the played MIDI notes are the only ones that can be
output (so say if you play middle C and the D above, the output will
always be one of those two notes, depending on whether the input CV is
below or above middle C).

**Parameter 5** sets an offset between the timing of the **Z** input vs the **X** & **Y** inputs (in sample
frames). When using **Z** as a trigger, it is often a good idea to delay it slightly relative to the pitch, to
ensure that the pitch has changed and settled before the trigger samples a new note.

**Parameter 6** sets the root key of the chosen scale. At zero, the first note of the scale (e.g. C in the
key of C) corresponds to 0V. If the parameter is set for example to 2, the first note of the scale is at
2/12 = 0.1667V - or to look at it another way, if your VCO is tuned so that 0V gives you a C, the
quantizer is now working in the key of D (D major, minor, triad etc. depending on the scale setting).

The quantized notes names are shown on the display (A left, B right).
Natural notes are shown in capitals i.e. 'C', 'D', 'E' etc. Lower case
letters indicate sharps e.g. 'c' indicates C sharp, 'd', indicates D
sharp.

**MIDI Output**: each new note is output as a MIDI note message on the
MIDI channel selected in the settings (input **X**/output A) or on the
next highest channel (input **Y**/output **B**). E.g. if the settings specify
MIDI channel 4, the notes are output on channels 4 (X/A) and 5 (Y/B).

Parameter **4** controls when note off messages are sent. If parameter 4 is zero (the default), the note
off is sent just before the note on – so the note lasts from one change to the next, which is
conceptually the same as the CV output. If parameter 4 is one, and Z is negative (so Y is a trigger),
then the trigger is treated as a gate, and the note off message is sent when the gate goes low.
