
**Receives MIDI**

This algorithm generates rhythmic patterns of output pulses known as
Euclidean patterns. For a detailed description of these patterns and
how they are commonly found in music around the world see e.g. 9 or
10.

A pattern is described by the total number of steps (controlled by
parameter **0**) and the number of pulses (i.e. the number steps on which
a pulse is output) (controlled by parameter **1** for output **A** and by **Z**
for output **B**).

Parameter **2** sets a 'rotation' of the pattern. At zero rotation, the
first step in the pattern will always

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>9</td>
<td>
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euclidean_rhythm
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

10 http://www.hisschemoller.com/blog/2011/euclidean-rhythms/

be a pulse, and the remaining pulses distributed according to the algorithm. The rotation setting moves the first pulse
by a number of steps i.e. moves the down beat.

The two patterns can use the same rotation value, or independent values. If parameter **4** is -1, pattern 2 shares the
rotation value set by parameter **2**. Otherwise, it uses the rotation set by parameter **4**.

Parameter **3** sets the length of the output pulse. At zero, the pulse is a fixed length of 10ms. Values of 1-31 set the
pulse length to a fraction of the clock time.

Parameter **5** sets the overall repeat count i.e. the number of clocks until the pattern repeats. If this is zero, the
number of steps
(parameter **0**) is used as the repeat. If the repeat count is greater than the number of steps, the pattern is extended
with silence.

Input **X** is the clock input, advancing the pattern by one step each time the input exceeds 1V. Input **Y** is a reset input,
resetting the pattern to step 1.

**MIDI Input:** if parameter **6** is non-zero, the patterns are controlled by incoming MIDI clock. If the parameter is
positive, the patterns simply advance according to the clock divisor table above. If the parameter is negative, the
patterns are also locked in to the MIDI transport: the pattern position depends absolutely on the number of clocks since
the last MIDI start message (and so is predictable and repeatable).
