
This algorithm continuously plays audio files, in a manner very much
inspired by Tom Whitwell's module.

The current audio file is selected with the **Z** knob/CV. It plays, forever, at its natural speed (see the algorithms below
if you want to control the speed), looping when it gets to the end; or it plays until the end of the file and stops,
depending on the 'loop' setting.

**X** is a retrigger input . A trigger pulse in excess of 1V will reset the playback position. The initial playback position
is set by the **Y** input. The voltage range 0-8V corresponds to the length of the file so e.g. 0V input (or no input) sets
the initial position to the start of the file, 4V input sets the initial position to halfway through the file, etc.

When switching between files, the playback position is maintained, modulo the length of the new file. For example, if
you're 5 seconds into a 10 second file:

- if you switch to a 20 second file, the position will be 5 seconds into the new file.
- if you switch to a 2 second file, the position will be 1 second into the new file.

(Though see the 'useStartOnSampleChange' playlist option above to override this behaviour.)

**A** & **B** are the left & right
audio outputs respectively.

Parameter **0** chooses the sample folder. These are sorted alphabetically, or in the order specified in the playlist, if
one is provided.

Parameter **1** sets the trigger mode and envelope time. If the parameter is 0, the trigger input is simply that – only a
positive-going edge is used, to retrigger the sample. If the parameter is 1 or more, then the trigger input is treated
like a gate: a positive-going edge retriggers the sample, but also when the trigger CV goes low, the sample playback
stops. The value of the parameter specifies the length of a decay envelope that is applied to the sample, so it can stop
suddenly or gradually fade out.

**MIDI Input**: MIDI note on & off messages are handled equivalently to a trigger or gate on the **X** input – that is, a
note on retriggers the sample, and if the envelope time is non-zero, a note off will stop the playback.
