
This algorithm is much the same as 'I-1 Audio Playback', except that
it forgoes the sample start position input and instead has a pitch
input.

Y is the pitch input, using the 1V/octave standard. 0V corresponds to
the sample playing at its natural pitch. Positive voltages speed up
playback; negative voltages slow it down.

Parameter **1** shifts the pitch up or down in octave increments.

Note that there is a limit to how fast data can be streamed from the
SD card. If you speed playback up by a large factor, you may get
dropouts.

Parameters 0 & 2 are the standard sample folder and envelope time
parameters, described above.

**MIDI Input**: MIDI note on & off messages are handled equivalently
to a trigger or gate on the **X** input – that is, a note on retriggers
the sample, and if the envelope time is non-zero, a note off will stop
the playback. Additionally, the pitch of the note on message is used
instead of the **Y** input CV, so you can effectively play the disting
like a sampler from a MIDI keyboard. MIDI note 48 (C3) corresponds to
a 0V input i.e. playing the sample at its natural pitch. MIDI pitch
bend is supported; parameter **4** sets the bend depth in semitones.

Parameter **3** 'MIDI mode' allows for polyphonic operation, using
multiple disting mk4 modules. If the parameter is -1 or 0, the module
responds to MIDI like a monophonic synthesizer11. Otherwise, the
parameter is a 'voice ID' in a polyphonic setup. By giving different
voice IDs to multiple

11 It is the intention that in future MIDI modes -1 and 0 might
differ, for example in reusing the CV inputs that are

likely not used if you're controlling the module via MIDI, but
currently they are the same.

distings, and feeding them the same MIDI, you can create a polyphonic sample player where each disting takes a different
note of a held chord.

(Recall that the Select Bus provides a convenient way to send the same MIDI to multiple distings without extra cabling -
see above.)

By default the polyphonic operation uses a 'lowest voice' allocation scheme – each new note is allocated to the voice
with the lowest ID that is not currently playing a note. It is also possible to select a 'round robin' allocation
scheme, which often works better with samples with a decay tail. This is done by sending MIDI CC \#21 with a value of
the number of polyphonic voices available. Sending this CC also resets the round robin to voice 1 (you may like to do
this at the start of a song playback, for example, to ensure consistent results on each play). Sending CC \#21 with
value 0 reverts to lowest voice allocation.
