
This algorithm simultaneously plays two audio files, each with its own trigger input. It was developed particularly with
drum triggering in mind, but all the usual playback options are supported. For drum applications, the preferred playlist
options are:

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>-loop=0<br />
-gap=0<br />
-fadeIn=0<br />
-fadeOut=0<br />
-retriggerOnSampleChange=0</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The Z knob/input selects the samples, in pairs – the sample triggered by the X input is always an even-numbered sample,
and the Y input triggers the next sample up.

Parameter 1 selects between two options for how the outputs are used:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>–</th>
<th>If the parameter is 0, then the sample triggered by X plays out of output A, and the sample</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>–</td>
<td>triggered by Y plays out of output B. Stereo samples are summed to mono.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td></td>
<td>If the parameter is 1, then mono samples are panned centrally, and stereo samples are played</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td></td>
<td>in stereo.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Parameters 0 & 2 are the standard sample folder and envelope time parameters, described above.

The triggers are 'velocity sensitive' – the volume of the sample depends on the voltage of the trigger pulse.

**MIDI Input**: MIDI note on & off messages are handled equivalently to a trigger or gate on the X & Y inputs – that is,
a note on retriggers the sample, and if the envelope time is non-zero, a note off

will stop the playback. MIDI note 48 (C3) triggers sample A; note 49 triggers sample B.
