
This algorithm plays audio files, using a 1V/octave pitch input (Y) to both select the sample and control its pitch.
This would typically be used for playing a multisampled instrument across a range of pitches, or for mapping individual
sounds (e.g. drums) to different notes.

This is a dual version of the Multisample Audio Playback algorithm below. Two voices play at once; they can play
continuously, but a more typical use would be to use the envelope time parameter to have notes decay when the gate
closes – then, this being a dual algorithm, one note can

continue to decay while the next one starts.

The other main difference between this and the monophonic Multisample
Audio Playback algorithm is in the behaviour of the pitch CV input. In
the monophonic algorithm the pitch CV is used to choose the sample
when triggered, but also continues to be 'live' during the playback,
allowing bends, vibrato etc. In this dual algorithm, the pitch CV is
sampled when the playback is triggered; subsequent CV change has no
effect until it moves by more than a semitone, in which case a new
note is triggered.

X is a retrigger input. A trigger pulse in excess of 1V will reset the
playback position to the start of the sample. The trigger is 'velocity
sensitive' – the volume of the sample depends on the voltage of the
trigger pulse.

The Z knob/CV provides a tuning control, with a range of approximately
±0.5 octaves. Note that this is applied after the sample has been
selected using the Y CV; changing Z will not affect the sample
selection.

A & B are the left & right audio outputs respectively.

Parameter 1 shifts the pitch up or down in octave increments. It is
equivalent to offsetting the pitch CV input – it also affects the
sample selection.

Parameters 0 & 2 are the standard sample folder and envelope time
parameters, described above.

Parameter 6 offsets (delays) the retrigger/gate input relative to the
pitch input. This is useful to allow pitch CVs to settle before they
are sampled on the rising gate, and also to cope with modules which
output both a pitch and gate but change their pitch first. In both
cases, an offset allows the algorithm to choose the correct sample,
rather than choosing the wrong sample and then re-pitching it to match
the CV.

**MIDI Input**: MIDI note on & off messages are handled equivalently
to a trigger or gate on the X input – that is, a note on retriggers
the sample, and if the envelope time is non-zero, a note off will stop
the playback. Additionally, the pitch of the note on message is used
instead of the Y input CV, so you can effectively play the disting
like a sampler from a MIDI keyboard. MIDI note 48 (C3) corresponds to
a 0V input. MIDI pitch bend is supported; parameter 4 sets the bend
depth in semitones.

Parameter 3 'MIDI mode' works in the same way as for algorithm I-3 –
see above.

Parameter 5 sets the sample panning as in the Dual Audio Playback
algorithm above. This algorithm defaults the setting to 1 so that the
two voices are summed, but setting it to zero can give you some nice
stereo effects where alternate notes are panned oppositely.

Please see below for information regarding Multisample playlists.
