
The *raison d'être* of this algorithm is creating smooth textural
loops out of any source material14. It is particularly useful for
material captured by the disting's own Audio Recorder modes, which
won't have carefully edited loop points. It can also take a clock and
adjust the loop time to fit.

In this algorithm, the playlist settings 'loop', 'fadeIn', 'fadeOut',
and 'gap' are ignored.

14 Expert Sleepers have long had a love affair with crossfade sample
looping. Our plug-in Crossfade Loop Synth dates back to 2004 () and is
itself inspired by the Roland S-330 hardware sampler (), with which we
made a lot of music in the early '90s.

X is a gate or clock input, depending on the parameter **3**, 'Gate mode':

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>Parameter value</strong></th>
<th><strong>Gate mode</strong></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>0</td>
<td>X is a gate CV, starting and stopping sample playback.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1</td>
<td>The sample plays continuously.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>2</td>
<td>The sample plays continuously. **X** is a clock CV. The loop length is adjusted to be related to the time between clocks by a power of two e.g. 2, 4, 8 but also ½, ¼, etc. if the clocks are slower than the longest possible loop.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Note that with nothing plugged in to **X**, switching between modes 0 & 1 gives you a means to start and stop playback
manually.

Input **Y** is a pitch CV input following the 1V/octave standard. Note that pitching up a crossfaded sample places great
demands on the SD card throughput, and there is a limit to how high you can raise the pitch. In our tests, stereo files
can only be raised by about a fourth. Mono files can be played at considerably higher pitches.

The **Z** knob/CV selects the sample. The transition from one sample to the next is a smooth crossfade. Note that if the
sample has the
'retriggerOnSampleChange' option set to 0, changing **Z** will not change the sample – it will only change when playback is
stopped and restarted
(by the **X** CV or manually via parameter **3**).

A & **B** are the left & right audio outputs respectively.

Parameter **0** is the standard sample folder parameter, described above.

Parameter **1** shifts the pitch up & down by octaves. (Note the comments above on how high the pitch may be raised.)

Parameter **2** sets the crossfade time, in percent of the sample time.
