
**Outputs MIDI**

Output **A** is a quantized version of the sum of inputs **X** & **Y**, according to the scale chosen with parameter **0**.

The scales are defined by files on the MicroSD card – see “Scala Support”, above. The keyboard mapping file is used to
define the subset of notes that the quantizer may use. For example, in the provided example files, the file '
root+fifth.kbm' can be used with a 12 note scale to make the quantizer only output the root or fifth in each octave.

Parameter **5** chooses between two fundamentally different modes of operation. When parameter **5** is 0 (the default), an
incoming CV is quantised to the closest pitch value defined by the chosen scale.

When the parameter is 1, the incoming CV is assumed linear 1V/octave and is used to look up a note in the scale
according to the keyboard map, based on the nearest semitone value of the input.

To understand the difference between these two modes, consider a scale with 19 degrees per octave, and an input CV
coming from a ramp LFO. In mode 0, the LFO will step through all 19 tones, arriving at an octave when the CV is 1V
higher than it started. In mode 1, when the LFO rises by 1V, the output will have only risen by 12 degrees of the scale;
it will need to rise by another half Volt or so to reach the octave. Or consider the same situation but with the input
from a keyboard, starting at 0V and rising 1/12th of a Volt per semitone. In mode 0, each semitone will be quantized to
the closest degree of the 19 tone scale, but you'll still only get 12 tones per octave. In mode 1, playing the keyboard
up from, say, C to C will give you 12 tones of the 19 tone scale; you would need to continue up to the next G to reach
the octave.

Output **B** is a trigger signal which fires whenever output **A** changes - a 5V pulse approximately 10ms long.

Parameters **1** & **2** are attenuators for inputs **X** & **Y** respectively. At 0 the input is completely attenuated; at 32 the input
is unattenuated.

If parameter **2** is set to -1, input **Y** becomes a trigger. In this mode, input **X** is only sampled and converted to a new
quantized value when input **Y** rises over approximately 1V. (In non-triggered mode, **X** is constantly sampled and a new note
is output as soon as **X** moves to the next scale degree.)

Parameter **3** is a transpose control. The transposition occurs after the quantization, and is in terms of the mapped notes
of the scale. For example, if you're using a seven tone scale, with all tones mapped, then a transposition of 7 raises or lowers the pitch by an octave.

Parameter **4** sets an offset between the timing of the **X** & **Y** inputs (in sample frames). When using **Y** as a trigger, it is
often a good idea to delay it slightly relative to the pitch, to ensure that the pitch has changed and settled before
the trigger samples a new note.

The **Z** knob/CV controls the slew rate of output A. At the minimum value of **Z**, changes in **A** are instantaneous. As **Z**
increases, changes in **A** take place more slowly.

**MIDI Output**: each new note (i.e. when the Output **B** trigger fires) is output as a MIDI note message on the MIDI
channel selected in the settings. The note value is that of the position in the keyboard mapping of the current output.
