
This algorithm is a delay/echo effect, where the delay time is set from a clock pulse. It is basically the same as the
Clockable Delay/Echo algorithm, except that whereas that algorithm uses the module's RAM for storage, this one uses the
SD card, meaning that the delay time can be much, much longer – about 95 minutes. It also runs at the full sample rate,
so the audio fidelity is higher.

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><strong>SD card requirements</strong>

This algorithm is continually reading from and writing to the SD card. **Y**ou will want a good quality, high-speed card . A microSDHC card like that recommended above will work well.
The algorithm creates a file on the card called 'DELAY.BIN'. This is created in a very specific way using low-level card access. Do not mess with the file, or attempt to copy it onto another SD card for another disting to use. The disting must create the file itself. **Y**ou can however copy the file to your computer to process its contents, should you so wish.
It may be that the disting cannot create the file if the card is too fragmented, even if it says it has enough free space. In this case, the easiest solution is to reformat the card.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Input **X** is the signal input. Any audio signal can be fed in here.

Input **Y** is the clock input. Any clock pulse in excess of 1V can be used. The time between rising trigger edges is used
to set the delay time. The minimum delay time that can be set is about 90ms.

The **Z** knob/CV controls the feedback, from zero to a maximum determined by parameter **1**. At a parameter value of 0, the
maximum feedback is exactly 100%. At higher values, the maximum feedback goes over 100%, up to 125% at a parameter value
of 8.

Outputs **A** & **B** carry signals according to parameter **2**:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>Param value</strong></th>
<th><strong>Output mode</strong></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>0</td>
<td>**A** is mix; **B** is delay only.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1</td>
<td>**A** &amp; **B** are mix.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>2</td>
<td>**A** &amp; **B** are delay only.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

'Mix' is a mix of the dry (undelayed) signal and the delay effect. The amount of delay in the mix rises in direct
proportion to the amount of feedback.

'Delay only' is the delayed signal only. Use this and the input signal, plus an external mixer, if you need more
flexibility in the dry/wet balance than is offered by the mixed mode.

Parameter **0** applies a multiplier to the delay time, according to the table in the Clockable Delay/Echo section, above.

This algorithm is affected by the 'SD delay max' setting – see above.
