
A stereo reverberation effect.

**X** and **Y** are the stereo audio inputs. An equal mix of these is used to feed the reverberator.

A and **B** are the stereo audio outputs. These are a mix of the inputs and the reverb output.Z is a wet/dry control. At
zero, the output is 100% dry i.e. the input signals with no reverb added. 

For positive **Z**, reverb is added while holding the dry level constant. 

For negative **Z**, the dry and reverb signals are progressively crossfaded, until eventually the
output is 100% wet i.e. just the reverberation signal.

Pressing the **Z** knob 'freezes' the reverb – the reverb does not decay, and the input signal is not added into the reverb.
Press **Z** again to unfreeze it.

Parameters **0** & **1** together control the reverb time.

Parameter **2** changes the reverb 'character' - it chooses between a number of options for the reverb algorithm's internal
parameters leading to different sounding reverbs (some quite natural, others deliberately unnatural).

Parameter **3** applies a low pass filter to the reverb input. It does not affect the dry portion of the signal.

Parameter **4** is a gain control for the reverb output, in dB. It does not affect the dry signal.

Parameter **5** allows **Z** to become a CV input for the freeze feature. When the parameter is from -32 to 32, this value is
used to control the wet/dry balance, and the **Z** input becomes a freeze trigger.

The reverb freezes when **Z** goes above approximately 1V and unfreezes when **Z** falls below approximately 0.5V.

Parameter **6** applies a high pass filter to the reverb input. The range of cutoff frequencies is approximately 3Hz to
1.6kHz.
