
A dual mono reverberation effect.

X and **Y** are the audio inputs.

A and **B** are the audio outputs. Each is a mix of its input and corresponding reverb output.Z is a wet/dry control. At
zero, the outputs are 100% dry i.e. the input signal with no reverb added.

For positive Z, reverb is added while holding the dry level constant. For negative Z, the dry and reverb signals are
progressively crossfaded, until eventually the outputs are 100% wet i.e. just the reverberation signals.

Pressing the **Z** knob 'freezes' the reverbs – the reverbs do not decay, and the input signals are not added into the
reverbs. Press **Z** again to unfreeze them.

Parameters 0 & 1 together control the reverb time.

Parameter **2** changes the reverb 'character' - it chooses between a number of options for the reverb algorithm's internal
parameters leading to different sounding reverbs (some quite natural, others deliberately unnatural).

Parameter **3** applies a low pass filter to the reverb inputs. It does not affect the dry portion of the signals.

Parameter **4** is a gain control for the reverb output, in dB. It does not affect the dry signal.

Parameter **5** allows **Z** to become a CV input for the freeze feature. When the parameter is from -32 to 32, this value is
used to control the wet/dry balance, and the **Z** input becomes a freeze trigger.

The reverbs freeze when **Z** goes above approximately 1V and unfreeze when **Z** falls below approximately 0.5V.

Parameter **6** applies a high pass filter to the reverb input. The range of cutoff frequencies is approximately 3Hz to
1.6kHz.
