
A mono chorus/flange effect.

X is the audio input.

A and **B** are audio outputs. Output **A** is a mix of the input and the chorus output; output **B** is just the chorus output.

Z is a wet/dry control. At zero, the output **A** is 100% dry i.e. the input signal with no chorus added. For positive **Z**,
chorus is added while holding the dry level constant. For negative **Z**, the dry and chorus signals are progressively
crossfaded, until eventually the output is 100% wet i.e. just the chorus signal.

The chorus effect is generated via a number of LFOs. The LFO depth is set with parameter **0**. The LFO speeds are set with
a combination of parameter **1** and input **Y**, which is a 1V/octave input centred on 4Hz for 0V.

Parameter **2** controls a feedback loop around the effect. Parameter **7** engages a saturation stage in the feedback loop,
which can prevent clipping, while adding some colouration to the sound.

Parameter **3** applies a low pass filter to the chorus input. It does not affect the dry portion of the signal.

Parameters 4 & 5 together set the delay time, with a range of approximately 200ms. Very small values give flanging;
medium values
(25-50ms) are more typical for chorus. Larger values give recognisable echoes.

Parameter **6** sets the number of stages i.e. the number of simultaneous delayed/modulated signals that combine to produce
the effect. Higher values will give a smoother, lusher chorus; small values are more appropriate to give a sharper, more
defined modulation, especially for flanging.
