
This algorithm combines LFOs and a ramp generator, a combination often used for vibrato which starts gradually from the
beginning of each note. The LFO is in fact not 'delayed' as such, but the naming is a nod to the equivalent feature on
such classic synths as the Juno-6.

Input **X** triggers the ramp, which starts from zero and ramps linearly up to a maximum over a time set from **Y**, which is an
exponential, 1V/octave, input. The LFO may be multiplied by the ramp, so it also starts from zero and ramps up to full
amplitude.

The trigger also resets the LFO phase to zero. This could be used even without the ramp to give you a resettable LFO.

The **Z** knob/input controls the LFO speed, which is also an exponential control.

Parameters 0 and 1 select the output waveforms on outputs **A** & **B** respectively. The choices are:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>0</th>
<th>the ramp itself</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>1</td>
<td>triangle affected by ramp</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>2</td>
<td>sine affected by ramp</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>3</td>
<td>square affected by ramp</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>4</td>
<td>triangle</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>5</td>
<td>sine</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>6</td>
<td>square</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Parameters **2** & **3** set the range of the LFO and ramp times, both in quarter octaves (i.e. raising the value by 4 doubles
the speed).

Parameters **4** & **5** are attenuverters for outputs **A** & **B**, which apply whatever the selected output waveforms. Negative
values mean you can have a descending ramp, or LFOs with inverted phase. The unattenuated levels are 0-8V for the ramp
and ±8V for the LFOs.
