
This is a pitch shifting audio effect, which can also be used as a delay. The pitch shifting is done using a granular
technique, that is, the output is composed of many short segments or 'grains' taken from the input.

Input **X** is the audio input.

Input **Y** is the pitch CV input, following the 1V/octave standard. Positive input voltages shift the pitch up; negative
voltages shift the pitch down.

Output **A** is a mix of the original audio and the pitch shifted version
(according to **Z**); output **B** is the pitch shifted version only.

**Z** is a wet/dry control. At zero, output **A** is 100% dry i.e. the input signal only. For positive **Z**, the pitch shifted
version is added while holding the dry level constant. For negative **Z**, the dry and pitch shifted signals are
progressively crossfaded, until eventually the output is 100% wet i.e. just the pitch shifted version.

Parameter **0** sets the grain length. 

Parameter **1** sets the shape of the grain 'window', or if you prefer, its envelope.
Best results will depend on the source material – experiment.

The effect uses an internal buffer to store the source material so it can be replayed as grains – therefore there is
some delay (or latency)
inherent in the algorithm. The delay can be controlled by parameter **2**. If you are only ever pitching down, this can be
set very low. Pitching up requires a higher latency. If you are viewing this as a delay effect, then set the delay to
whatever you like. The maximum delay time is about 400ms.

Parameter **3** sets the delay feedback.

Parameters **4** & **5** provide a means of manually setting a pitch shift without feeding a signal into input **Y**. Parameter **4**
shifts in semitones, while parameter **5** shifts in cents.

Pressing the **Z** knob 'freezes' the delay buffer – the input signal is no longer written into the buffer and the effect
will continuously output the frozen material. Press **Z** again to unfreeze it.

Parameter **6** allows you to set the mix and free up the **Z** CV input to control Freeze. When the parameter is at -65 (the
default) **Z** controls the mix. Other values of the parameter set the mix directly (from 100% wet to dry to an equal mix, 
just like when controlling it via **Z**), and the **Z** input becomes a gate control for the
Freeze function, freezing the buffer when the CV goes over
approximately 1V.
