
This algorithm is an implementation of pulsar synthesis, inspired by
the description in Curtis Roads's book Microsound (MIT Press)20
pp137-157.

In pulsar synthesis, a small grain of sound (known as a *pulsaret*,
typically a pulse or single cycle waveform) is repeated periodically,
followed by a small section of silence. The length of the sound within
the repeating period (equivalently, the speed at which it is played)
offers a means of control the timbre without affecting the perceived
pitch of the sound. By the same token, changing the fundamental pitch
without changing the speed at which the grain of sound is played
offers pitch change without simply shifting the entire spectrum up and
down, an effect reminiscent of 'vocal' or 'formant' synthesis.

This algorithm uses wavetables from the SD card as the source of the
pulsarets. See 'Loading wavetables' above for a description of how to
load wavetables onto the SD card.

Input **X** sets the fundamental frequency – the rate at which the
pulsaret train is generated.

Input **Y** sets the 'formant' frequency – the rate at which the pulsaret
is played. By default this is independent of the fundamental
frequency. If parameter **3** is set to 1, the **X** input is added to the Y
input, so changing the fundamental frequency also changes the formant
frequency.

Parameters 0 & 1 choose the wavetable and the wave within the table,
respectively.Parameter **2** chooses the window or envelope to apply to
the pulsaret. The options are:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>Parameter **2** value</strong></th>
<th><strong>Window shape</strong></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>0</td>
<td>Rectangular</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1</td>
<td>Linear attack</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>2</td>
<td>Linear decay</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>3</td>
<td>Gaussian</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

The **Z** knob/CV depends on parameter **4**. When parameter **4** is zero (the
default), **Z** is a tuning control, with a range of approximately ±0.5
octaves. Otherwise, masking is applied – that is, pulsarets are
omitted from the train. In this case, outputs **A** & **B** use inverse masks
– output **B** will output a pulsaret when output **A** is suppressed, and
*vice versa*. If parameter **4** is 1, stochastic

20 Some of the text of this book is available on but I would urge you
to pick up a physical copy.



masking is applied i.e. pulsarets are randomly masked. The likelihood of a pulsaret being masked is set by Z. If
parameter **4** is 2 or more, burst masking is applied – the parameter sets a number of pulsarets, and **Z** controls how many
pulsarets within that number will be masked.

Parameter **5** offsets the **X** input in octave steps.

**MIDI Input**: MIDI note messages received on the MIDI channel set in the Settings are converted to a CV which is added
to that on input X. The 0V note is 48 (C3).
